bren-student-data-explorer/text/ipeds_text.md, before:

There are two definitions used when reporting on race and ethnicity: URM and IPEDS. 

1. **URM (Underrepresented Minority)** is defined as a U.S. citizen who identifies as Black/African American, Hispanic/Latino, or American Indian. A person is still considered a URM if they identify as multiple races, and at least one of those racial groups is a URM.

2. The **Integrated Postsecondary Education Data System (IPEDS)** first designates ethnicity as Hispanic or Latino or Not Hispanic or Latino. Second, a person will indicate one or more of the following racial categories: American Indian or Alaska Native, Asian, Black or African American, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, White. Definitions for these categories can be found on the <a href="https://nces.ed.gov/ipeds/report-your-data/race-ethnicity-definitions" target="_blank">IPEDS website.</a>

**For ALL Race / Category plots: Students are counted in every race/ethnicity group in which they have self-identified; therefore, the race/ethnicity percentages may exceed 100%.**

Commit message:

converted (almost) all markdown text elements, which have information that needed to be manually updated (e.g. range of years captured by data displayed) into uiOutputs, which draw updated information from variables created in global.R

bren-student-data-explorer/text/ipeds_text.md, after:

Two classification systems are commonly used to report race and ethnicity data: **URM** and **IPEDS**.

- **URM (Underrepresented Minority)** refers to U.S. citizens who identify as Black/African American, Hispanic/Latino, or American Indian. Individuals who identify with multiple races are still considered URM if at least one of those identities falls within a URM category.

- **IPEDS (Integrated Postsecondary Education Data System)**  uses a two-step process: first, individuals indicate whether they are "Hispanic or Latino" or "Not Hispanic or Latino". Second, they may select one or more of the following racial categories: American Indian or Alaska Native, Asian, Black or African American, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, and White. Full definitions of these categories are available on the <a href="https://nces.ed.gov/ipeds/report-your-data/race-ethnicity-definitions" target="_blank">IPEDS website.</a>

***For all race/ethnicity plots below: Students are counted in every race / ethnicity group with which they self-identify. As a result, total percentages may exceed 100%.***
